Welcome to the first lesson of the C++ data structures and algorithms course.
In this lesson, you're going to start out with
basic variables and functions and by the end of the lesson,
you'll be able to read data into your C plus plus program and print it to output.
We're going to start with some of the foundational types and
conditionals and loops available in C++.
We'll move through these pretty quickly,
but these are the core building blocks that we'll need to know in order to move on to
the more advanced data structures and algorithms
that the C++ programming language provides.
We'll start this lesson out with a few videos from Sebastian,
where he's explaining A star search,
and that'll give you an idea of how the projects will work for the rest of the course.
By the end of this lesson,
you'll be able to print to output a basic map of a maze,
and later on in the course,
we will build code that actually finds the solution in the path through that maze.
Sounds great. Let's get started.
Let's go.